reviews reads in the walking the art fede
went to the psychologist to appease his desire
to kill mario but the conversation
with the doctor he only grew his fury
murderous so the session lengthened and
the most expensive professional charged
consequences that insurance will pay our
dear mario the end to kaka the rest of
the session today we present the world according to
perez from part 2 good faith of I see that you
I hate mario rodríguez can
take you to make a mistake
we have to get to the moment when
began this feeling is that no
we can repress tell me how you started
I hate towards hate directing first
moment that I saw it on the first day of
school because noise is the inducer of
I remember 3000 essential instruments in
everything was created that boasts of being what
I bought in the saladita vos seguís
I'm going crazy 4
hello my name is 48 without a schedule
about insects have more than two
eyes the rest of the species just
they have two except for arachnids
that are not insects and generally
they have six good friends, I am fede and
I'm telling you here here, what is done
I decide and do the basic homework
if I say give me the gas silver and if
I say you put a black eye what
you put but black as the winds do not
it is necessary already it is noticed that in your childhood
you were a violent non-violent person
it's not like anybody who did not throw
firecracker at the fair did not give him a
flying kick a newborn kitten
those are very violent behaviors
very serious faith to tell me these acts
against mario rodríguez continued
during the school years or were Japanese
of everyday
marito marito come come to faith
how are you eager to ask
someone does not know if the faith of that is very
bad I would be unable to tell you what
It weighs someone but I have someone
to hit and that makes merit
I do not know why you try to talk to the
people instead of hitting you you know I'm
speaking as if they give me more
that also has something of evil I'm
noticing a feeling of violence
extreme in your faith that you wish
out of the future of your friend my friend my
friend and without adapted is not my friend is
bien fede do not get mad as you wish
see mario rodríguez with a tree with
a pack of starving wolves
waiting here cane or tied a backpack
bomb about to explode from bots
what do you think others think about
mario mingo marks if he throws up when
He met my dad went to suck when
he learned that it is the face of accident
came my house in the neighborhood and they hit him
all the kid who deals gives you the
the one that the eleven
neighborhood team players the
husband of the vine in the salon owner
party with the whole school of
karate the zerolo change ran with a
chorizo hook and the mills sticks
even the only one who does not want to see it
dead
I see these thoughts towards you
brother in law are only yours brother in law and if not
can be my brother-in-law good fede is a
reality that you are going to have to accept
want or not
but in the end I come here to not
carry one my children my hands and
Now it looks like I 'm going to have two because
you with those glasses and that way of
talk but remember too much no or fede
you are projecting this violence
psychosocial looking at me the way
appease your natural destructive instinct
to plant
and if there is no return to give it can it be a
violent and hates nerds from the day
that was born so a neighborhood should have
great care because for more than
try never stop being what you swim